---
dateModified: '2016-07-18T15:54:15.717Z'
description: THE HOUSE OF MUSE
title: ''
author: []
datePublished: '2016-07-18T15:54:44.721Z'
sourcePath: _posts/2016-06-16-design.md
starred: false
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
_type: MediaObject

---
**THE HOUSE OF MUSE**

As the name suggests, the accessory brand Muse signifies creative influence and thoughtfulness. The woman today is elegant and powerful. Our accessories are made to enhance the inner beauty of a woman. We believe in making Statement pieces. Our collections are inspired from our travel across the world and gathering the uniqueness scattered all across the globe.

In mythology, the muses were nine goddesses who symbolised the arts and sciences. Today a "Muse" is a person who serves as an artist's inspiration. 

Muse is the woman of today and we at The House of Muse want to bring out the best in you.

A jewellery can enhance one's look by manifold. So lets take a tour in the house of muse and get elated by our intricate work and be the proud owner of our happy pieces.

Our ethnic jewellery catches the ethnic spirit and becomes the unique adornment for women. It makes a woman look beautiful outside and confident inside

Our tribal collection is inspired from the tribes across the world with detailing and minute intricacies of the artisans. 

**HANDCRAFTED**

Our designs are specially handcrafted in India and made with a lot of love. 

We obsess about new ways of interacting with design and want to be known for our attention to detail and the ability to bring a smile every time a consumer or an employee looks at a finished product.

We have a passion for maintaining quality and a drive to delight our customers and bring our creation to the biggest possible audience globally. 

**CONTACT**

For Orders or Queries just send us an email - thehouseofmuse@hotmail.com

or contact us on +91- 9654340105

**FOLLOW US**

We are on Instagram [@the.houseofmuse][0]

We are on Facebook [@thehouseofmuseoffl][1]

(c) 2016 - Muse - Made in India.

[0]: https://www.instagram.com/ithehouseofmuse/
[1]: https://www.facebook.com/ithehouseofmuse/